doc(backing image): add ha, scheduling and eviction feature to the doc (#904)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.7.0/references/settings.md

>  - Different from relying on replica starting delay to limit the concurrent rebuilding, if the rebuilding is disabled, replica object replenishment will be directly skipped.
>  - When the value is 0, the eviction and data locality feature won't work. But this shouldn't have any impact to any current replica rebuild and backup restore.

#### Concurrent Backing Image Replenish Per Node Limit

> Default: `5`

> This setting controls how many backing images copy on a node can be replenished simultaneously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting controls how many backing image copies on a node can be replenished simultaneously.
```
